.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2013 Simon Berg <ksb@users.sourceforge.net>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DMX2C2IP SECTION "August 24, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
dmx2c2ip \- map DMX to C2IP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dmx2c2ip
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dmx2c2ip
connects to devices speaking the C2IP protocol:
Interactive control is provided through a web interface.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
\fB\-c, --config-file\fR=\fIFILE\fI 
Read configuration from \fRFILE\fI
.SH CONFIGURATION
Initial configuration is from a key-value style configuration file.

The file is divided into several groups, each group starts with a group
name enclosed in '[' and ']'.
Within the groups there are keys followed by '=' and a value.

.TP
\fB[HTTP]\fR group
Defines parameters for the built-in HTTP-server
.RS
.TP
\fBPort\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Selects the TCP port used by HTTP
.TP
\fBUser\fR=\fIUSER\fR
User name used for authentication. No authentication is done when this
key is missing.

.TP
\fBPassword\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Password for authentication.

.TP
\fBRoot\fR=\fIDIR\fR
Directory where the files served by the HTTP server is stored.
.RE

.TP
\fB[DMXPort]\fR group
Defines parameters for the DMX port
.RS
.TP
\fBDevice\fR=\fISERDEV\fR
Serial device receiving DMX data.

.TP
\fBSpeed\fR=\fIBAUD\fR
Baudrate of serial device. This should normally be the default value
250000.  Other values is only useful for testing.

.RE

.TP
\fB[C2IP]\fR group
C2IP set up
.RS
.TP
\fBAdresses\fR=\fIADDRS\fR
A comma separated list of addresses to try to connect to. The address
may be a broadcast address.

.RE

.TP
\fB[DB]\fR group
SQLite database for configuration.
.RS
.TP
\fBFile\fR=\fIFILE\fR
File name of database.

.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Simon Berg <ksb@users.sourceforge.net>

